#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:0,Kantipur
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netKANTIPUR1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,AP1
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivedge/netAP1HD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Himalaya
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/HIMALAYATV/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Nepal TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNTVNEPAL1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,NTV News
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNTVNEWS1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,NTV Plus
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNTVPLUS1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Prime TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netPRIMETV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Makalu TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netMakaluTvHD.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Janata HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netJANTATV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Mountain
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netMOUNTAIN1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Galaxy 4K
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netGALAXY1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Kantipur Cineplex
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netKANTIPURCINEPLEX1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Me TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netMeTvHD.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Ntv Ithari
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNTVitahari1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Ntv Kohalpur
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNTVKOHALPUR1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Yoho
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netYohoTv1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Business Plus
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netBusinessplus1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,News 24
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNEWS1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Image
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netIMAGE1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Sagarmatha
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSAGAR1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,ABC News
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netABC1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Avnues
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netAVENEWS1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDk6NDQ6NTkgQU0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT14VUVMUzlPZ3A3U2RwU3VWQTN3TXhRPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTE3MjgwMCZpZD1leUowZVhBaU9pSktWMVFpTENKaGJHY2lPaUpTVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKbGVIQWlPakUyTlRnNU1ESTJPRFlzSW5OMVluTmpjbWxpWlhKZmFXUWlPaUkxTURnNU1ERXlJaXdpYzNSaUlqb2lNREF5TWpaRVFVVXlPVFkxSW4wLmNTYVhrbE5pR1MyaFFMaHNpa0dUWXRoOEEtV2hYdG5hckhtV3c0a1N0UXM=
#EXTINF:0,Tv Today
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netTVTODAY1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjAwOjQwIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9RHhoMHNiZVdCbldPZ1NVZHExZHRPdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Btv Business
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netBTV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjAwOjQwIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9RHhoMHNiZVdCbldPZ1NVZHExZHRPdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,TV Filmy
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netTVFILMY1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjAwOjQwIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9RHhoMHNiZVdCbldPZ1NVZHExZHRPdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Global TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netGlobalTvNep.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjAwOjQwIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9RHhoMHNiZVdCbldPZ1NVZHExZHRPdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Himsikhar TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netHimShikharTV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjAwOjQwIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9RHhoMHNiZVdCbldPZ1NVZHExZHRPdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,BM HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netBM1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjAwOjQwIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9RHhoMHNiZVdCbldPZ1NVZHExZHRPdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Bidhyalaya Sikshya
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlive_abr/EDUTV1HDabr.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjAwOjQwIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9RHhoMHNiZVdCbldPZ1NVZHExZHRPdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Bodhi TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netBodhi1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjA2OjE3IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9bXVQMjRPTEdydDNhRlMxSE5Hb0hodz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Channel 4 Nepal
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netCHFOUR1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjA2OjE3IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9bXVQMjRPTEdydDNhRlMxSE5Hb0hodz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Krishi TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/Krishifallback.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjA2OjE3IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9bXVQMjRPTEdydDNhRlMxSE5Hb0hodz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Kasthamandap
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/Kasthmandap/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjA2OjE3IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9bXVQMjRPTEdydDNhRlMxSE5Hb0hodz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Indigenous
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/Indigenousfallback.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjA2OjE3IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9bXVQMjRPTEdydDNhRlMxSE5Hb0hodz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Kalika
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netKalikaTV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjA2OjE3IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9bXVQMjRPTEdydDNhRlMxSE5Hb0hodz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Nice TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/nicetelevison.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjA2OjE3IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9bXVQMjRPTEdydDNhRlMxSE5Hb0hodz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Life OK
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netlifeoknepal.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjA2OjE3IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9bXVQMjRPTEdydDNhRlMxSE5Hb0hodz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Mega TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/Megafallback.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjA2OjE3IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9bXVQMjRPTEdydDNhRlMxSE5Hb0hodz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Univarsal
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/aranikotv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjEzOjQzIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MjNHRlZsWXFmd0JWVVVDZWdEaHBKQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Newa TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/NewaTV.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjEzOjQzIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MjNHRlZsWXFmd0JWVVVDZWdEaHBKQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Bhadgaun
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netBhadgaun1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjEzOjQzIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MjNHRlZsWXFmd0JWVVVDZWdEaHBKQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Nepal Mandal
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNepalMandal1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjEzOjQzIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MjNHRlZsWXFmd0JWVVVDZWdEaHBKQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Everest TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netOSNnepal1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjEzOjQzIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MjNHRlZsWXFmd0JWVVVDZWdEaHBKQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Mithila TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netMithilatv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjEzOjQzIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MjNHRlZsWXFmd0JWVVVDZWdEaHBKQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Deuti TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/DEUTI-HD.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjEzOjQzIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MjNHRlZsWXFmd0JWVVVDZWdEaHBKQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Kisan TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/kisantv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjEzOjQzIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MjNHRlZsWXFmd0JWVVVDZWdEaHBKQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Paryawaran
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/paryawarantv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjEzOjQzIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MjNHRlZsWXFmd0JWVVVDZWdEaHBKQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Rajya TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/rajya4k.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjEzOjQzIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MjNHRlZsWXFmd0JWVVVDZWdEaHBKQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Channel Ace
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netChannelAce.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjEzOjQzIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MjNHRlZsWXFmd0JWVVVDZWdEaHBKQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,News Nepal
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNewsNepal1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjEzOjQzIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MjNHRlZsWXFmd0JWVVVDZWdEaHBKQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Araniko TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/xraytv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjEzOjQzIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MjNHRlZsWXFmd0JWVVVDZWdEaHBKQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Education TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netEduTV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQxOjMyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9azVobE5ER1R4azdtbEtnbjR3RStuUT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Rapti Darpan
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netRAPTITV.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQxOjMyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9azVobE5ER1R4azdtbEtnbjR3RStuUT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Capital TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netCapitalTvHD.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQxOjMyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9azVobE5ER1R4azdtbEtnbjR3RStuUT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Mukundasen TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netMukundaSenTV.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQxOjMyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9azVobE5ER1R4azdtbEtnbjR3RStuUT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,National Gold
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/NationalTVHD.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQxOjMyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9azVobE5ER1R4azdtbEtnbjR3RStuUT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Janasanchar TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netJanaSanchar.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQ0OjEyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MGxrY2VlOCtnakhVRkFZcHZYOVZRQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Bagmati HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netBagmatiTV.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQ0OjEyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MGxrY2VlOCtnakhVRkFZcHZYOVZRQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Fewa HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netFewatv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQ0OjEyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MGxrY2VlOCtnakhVRkFZcHZYOVZRQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Arena HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/arenatv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQ0OjEyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MGxrY2VlOCtnakhVRkFZcHZYOVZRQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Birat Television
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netBIRATTV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQ0OjEyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MGxrY2VlOCtnakhVRkFZcHZYOVZRQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Appan TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/Appanfallback.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQ0OjEyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MGxrY2VlOCtnakhVRkFZcHZYOVZRQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,My TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netMyTV.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQ0OjEyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MGxrY2VlOCtnakhVRkFZcHZYOVZRQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,TV Birgung
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netTvBirgunjHD.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQ0OjEyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MGxrY2VlOCtnakhVRkFZcHZYOVZRQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,TV Today Janakpur
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netTvTodayJkpr.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQ0OjEyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MGxrY2VlOCtnakhVRkFZcHZYOVZRQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Zee Nepal
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/znepaltv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQ0OjEyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MGxrY2VlOCtnakhVRkFZcHZYOVZRQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Tharu Television
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netTharuTV.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQ0OjEyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MGxrY2VlOCtnakhVRkFZcHZYOVZRQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Times TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/timestv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQ0OjEyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MGxrY2VlOCtnakhVRkFZcHZYOVZRQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Sajha HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/sajhatv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQ0OjEyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MGxrY2VlOCtnakhVRkFZcHZYOVZRQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Moonlight
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netANNATv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQ0OjEyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MGxrY2VlOCtnakhVRkFZcHZYOVZRQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Namaste Khowpa
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/namaste.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjQ0OjEyIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MGxrY2VlOCtnakhVRkFZcHZYOVZRQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Buddha TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/ch1.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjU0OjQ0IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9citCclpMemxFb2VhcTVXVnFEVFArQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Bhairahawa TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netBhairahawa1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjU0OjQ0IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9citCclpMemxFb2VhcTVXVnFEVFArQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,TV1 HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/tv1hd.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjU0OjQ0IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9citCclpMemxFb2VhcTVXVnFEVFArQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Lumbini TV HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netLumbiniTv1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjU0OjQ0IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9citCclpMemxFb2VhcTVXVnFEVFArQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Buddha Aawaj TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/Buddhaawajtv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjU0OjQ0IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9citCclpMemxFb2VhcTVXVnFEVFArQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Suryodaya Television
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/SuryadayaTv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjU0OjQ0IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9citCclpMemxFb2VhcTVXVnFEVFArQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Aam nepali TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/AamNepaliTv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjU0OjQ0IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9citCclpMemxFb2VhcTVXVnFEVFArQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Prabhu TV HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netPrabhuTv1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjU0OjQ0IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9citCclpMemxFb2VhcTVXVnFEVFArQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Akash Television
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netAakashTv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEwOjU0OjQ0IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9citCclpMemxFb2VhcTVXVnFEVFArQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,A1 Television
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/A1tv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjA2OjE5IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9NUZxNVNhTmFIa0c1bEY4NFZKV2ozZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Subha Yatra
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/KARUWATV.STREAM/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjA2OjE5IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9NUZxNVNhTmFIa0c1bEY4NFZKV2ozZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Saptarangi
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/saptrangi.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjA2OjE5IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9NUZxNVNhTmFIa0c1bEY4NFZKV2ozZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Red TV 
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/REDTV.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjA2OjE5IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9NUZxNVNhTmFIa0c1bEY4NFZKV2ozZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Yes BC
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/yestv_high.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjA2OjE5IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9NUZxNVNhTmFIa0c1bEY4NFZKV2ozZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Gorkha TV HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/GorkhaTvHD.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjA2OjE5IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9NUZxNVNhTmFIa0c1bEY4NFZKV2ozZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,TV Indreni
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/indrenitv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjA2OjE5IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9NUZxNVNhTmFIa0c1bEY4NFZKV2ozZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Prithivi TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/PrithiviTv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjA2OjE5IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9NUZxNVNhTmFIa0c1bEY4NFZKV2ozZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,M Star
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netMstarTv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjA2OjE5IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9NUZxNVNhTmFIa0c1bEY4NFZKV2ozZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Ray TV HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/BijayKilla.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEwOjIwIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9blhZTVk3UGxpU09ORFJQeTV1NmxsQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Janaki TV HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/JanakiTvHD.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEwOjIwIEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9blhZTVk3UGxpU09ORFJQeTV1NmxsQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Tilottama HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netTillotamaTV.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjExOjA5IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9SFdLdkRneFhreTBEcFplU2VWelluQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Devdaha TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netDevDaha1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjExOjA5IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9SFdLdkRneFhreTBEcFplU2VWelluQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Omkar TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/Omkartv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjExOjA5IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9SFdLdkRneFhreTBEcFplU2VWelluQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,City One
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netCity1HD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjExOjA5IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9SFdLdkRneFhreTBEcFplU2VWelluQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Samata HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSamataHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjExOjA5IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9SFdLdkRneFhreTBEcFplU2VWelluQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Akash Ganga TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netAakashGangaTV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjExOjA5IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9SFdLdkRneFhreTBEcFplU2VWelluQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Panchali TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netPanchaliTv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,A News
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netAnews.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Space 4K
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSPACE4K.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Pokhara TV HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netPokharaTV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Maulakalika HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/MaulaKalikaHd/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Saptakoshi TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSaptakoshiTv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Sakura TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSakuraTVHD.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Nepal Network HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNepalNetwork.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Earth News
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netBBCEARTHNEWS1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Action Sports HD 1
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/ActionSports/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz

#EXTINF:0,Sony HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivedge/netSONYHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Colors HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivedge/netCOLORS1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,ZEE TV HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivedge/netZEETVHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Plus HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivedge/netSTARPLUSHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,And TV HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netANDTV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Bharat HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivedge/netLIFEOKHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Sony Sab HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSONYSABHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Zee Cafe HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netZEECAFEHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Fox Life HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netFOXLIFEHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Disney International HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netDisneyIntHD.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Plus
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSTARPLUSSD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Bharat
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netStarBharatSD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Comedy Central
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netCOMEDYCENTRALHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Colors Infinity
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netCOLORSINFINITYSD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Colors
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netColorsSD.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Sony Sab
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSONYSABTV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Sony Pal
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSONYPAL1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Zee Anmol
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netZEETV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,DD Bharati
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netDDBharati1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Colors Rishtey
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netRISHTEY1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz

#EXTINF:0,Fight Sports
http://202.166.192.207/iptvsports/netFIGHTSPORTSHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Sony Ten 1 HD
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/TEN1HD/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Sony Ten 2 HD
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/TEN2HDstb/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Sony Ten 3 HD
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/TEN3HDstb/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Sony Six HD
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/SonySixHD/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Sports 1 HD
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/STARSPORTS1HD/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Sports 2 HD
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/STARSPORTS2HD/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Sports 1 HD Hindi
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/StarSports1HDHindi-nd/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Sports Select HD 1
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/2_Select1HD-test/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Sports Select HD 2
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/STARSELECTHD2/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Sports Select 1
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/StarSportsSelect1/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Sports Select 2
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/StarSportSelect2/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Sports 1
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/StarSports1/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Sports 2
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/StarSports2/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Sports 1 Hindi
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/StarSports1Hindi/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,DD Sports
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netDDSPORTS1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Action Sports HD 1
http://202.166.192.207/low-latency/ActionSports/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz

#EXTINF:0,ME TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netMeTvHD.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,HBO HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netHBOHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,HBO Signature
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netHBOSIGNATURE1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,HBO Family
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netHBOFAMILY1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,HBO Hits
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netHBOHITS_HIGH.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Cinemax
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netCINEMAXHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Movies
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netStarMoviesHD.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Movies Select
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netStarMoviesSelectHD.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Sony Max HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivedge/netSONYMAXHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Colors Cineplex HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netCINEPLEXHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,And Picture HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netPICTURESHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Gold HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivedge/netSTARGOLDHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,ZEE Cinema HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivedge/netZEECINEMAHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Gold Select HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSTARGOLDSELECTHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Movies
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netStarMoviesSD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Gold
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSTARGOLDSD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,B4U Movies APAC
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netB4UASIAPACIFIC1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Sony Max
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSETMAX1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,ZEE Bollywood
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netZEECINEMA1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Gold 2
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netMOVIESOK1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Sony Max 2
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netMAXTWO1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Gold Select
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSTARGOLDSELECT1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,ZEE Action
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netZEEACTIONSD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Sony Pix
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSONYPIX1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Lotus Macau
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netLOTUSMACAU1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Star Utsav Movies
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSTARMOVIES1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,ZEE Classic
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netLIVINGFOODZ1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz

#EXTINF:0,Nat geo wild HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNATGEOWILDHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Animal Planet HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netAnimalPlanet1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Nat GEO HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNGCHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Discovery HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netDISCOVERYHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,TLC HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netTLC1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Sony BBC Earth HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSONYBBCHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,CGTN Documentary
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netCGTNDOC1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,National Geographic
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNatGeoSD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,History TV 18
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netHISTORYTV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Discovery Turbo
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netTurbo1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz

#EXTINF:0,MTV Beats
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netMTVBEATSHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,B4U Music APAC
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/9xm.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,VH1
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netVH11500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,MTV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netMTV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Zing
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netZING1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Zoom
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netZOOM1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz

#EXTINF:0,Al Jazeera
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netALJAZEERA1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,TRT World
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netTRTWORLDHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,France 24 English
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netFRANCE241500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,News Asia HD
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNewsAsia1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Times Now
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netTIMESNOW1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,CGTN
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netCGTNHD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,BBC News
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netBBCNEWS1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,CNN
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netCNN1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Euro News
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netEURO1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,News 18
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netIBN71500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Zee News
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netZEENEWS1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,ZEE Business
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netBUSINESS1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDExOjEzOjM4IEFNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9OXN3dk1GODd0d2RGZHJxS2VML0NiZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz

#EXTINF:0,NHK World
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNHK1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,NHK Premium
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNHKPREMIUM1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Arirang
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netARIRANG1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,DW
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netDWTV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,TV 5 Monde
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netTV5MONDE1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Fashion TV Asia
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netFASHION1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,KBS Korea
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netKBS1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,VOA
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netVOA1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz

#EXTINF:0,CBeebies Asia
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netCB1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Nick Jr
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNICKJR1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Hungama TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netHungama1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Nick India
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netNICK1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Super Hungama
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netDISNEYXD1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Disney Jr.
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netDISNEYJUNIOR1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Disney Channel
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netDISNEYCHANNEL1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Discovery Kids
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netDISCOVERYKIDS1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Sonic
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSonicNick1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz

#EXTINF:0,Bodhi TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netBodhi1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Bhakti Darshan
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netBHAKTIDARSAN1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Dibya Darshan
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netDibyaDarsan1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Deep TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netDeepTv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Dharma Television
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netDharmaTvNep.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Saskar TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netSANSKAR1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Peace Of Mind
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netPEACEOFMIND1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Peace TV Urdu
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netPEACETV1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Madani TV
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netMADANI1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
#EXTINF:0,Daystar Television
http://202.166.192.207/iptvlivestream/netDAYSTAR1500.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNS8yMDIyIDEyOjI5OjAwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9MW8xbEpLVnRCZFAzTGUxc0s2eXFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz0xNzI4MDAmaWQ9ZXlKMGVYQWlPaUpLVjFRaUxDSmhiR2NpT2lKU1V6STFOaUo5LmV5SmxlSEFpT2pFMk5UZzVNREkyT0RZc0luTjFZbk5qY21saVpYSmZhV1FpT2lJMU1EZzVNREV5SWl3aWMzUmlJam9pTURBeU1qWkVRVVV5T1RZMUluMC5jU2FYa2xOaUdTMmhRTGhzaWtHVFl0aDhBLVdoWHRuYXJIbVd3NGtTdFFz
